well it's hot afterwards it 's a lot
more valued until there is a lot of heat here
in the whole channel really this but
to lower that heat we are going to introduce you
a tour that we have done for the most
curious various swimming pools
what is there indicated
with this hot and suffocating climate
It makes you want to take a good dip
what better than doing it in a pool
You can do it in the largest country
in another that has artificial waves or if
not in one that has slides of
great height
let's know these good alternatives
so that you and your family have fun
is gigantic and has a capacity to
About 1000 people
we are in the park are something and the cocha
in san juan de lurigancho I present you
the largest pool in Peru
public of all ages make long
queues to enter this park
zonal that also has two other
swimming pools that serve for the classes of
Swimming offered by adults are 3
soles 50 children or 50 and
schedules we have four
schedules we start at 11 in the morning
and we ended at 5 and many of the
late this recreational pool has
different times to be used
by the public the entire pool complex
has a capacity of 1,800 1,900 this
bathers but this pool exactly
how many people play in this pool
600 600 to 700 people
of the lack of the lucky arrival is
you
the warmth and accompanies it
sacrifice in case you want to access
this pool should first take a bath
in these automatic fights using their
respective suit to then get into
water however there is always a public that
ignore these warnings
many people are wearing clothes that they do not
it's a bathroom and always have
they come with their pole and here the
lifeguards make him take out the polo
only with Bermuda shorts but if it is
also general and suddenly it has been
past that life is but it is
obligatory of this great pool in san
juan de lurigancho we moved up
north file exactly at the junction of
university avenues with san felipe in
eat the aquatic world of the farm
villa waits for you
the fun is assured with these
swimming pools and slides
it's not a beach this is a pool like
the ones you see or the ones that do not have
nothing to envy to the beaches of
our coastline is an alternative for
all those people who obviously
they are far away
the beaches both south of the north and
apart is an alternative that also
the people who for example want
come with your guys and feel a
little bit more security in these
places work in this case with three
engines that allow us to give you that
wave that you have been able to
appreciate big and small day
I did not want to miss the opportunity
the water
to the pool with waves
how is the pool as a novelty here
at the villa farm how are you
it's love
and nice as it will recommend to all that
come and see a part here
so there are also other pools for
smaller has even four
slides that kids can
slide through them and in the part
top we have a bucket that the moment
of filling obviously an effect of
waterfall
this slide is used by large and
guys table in hand and down is ready
to launch it
all right
yes
to
and hilarious
the fifth truth
you eat we go to independence to
backs of the megaplaza shopping center
is the blue lagoon at a comfortable price
you can enjoy 5 pools and
this
We already have 11 years of training thanks to
god we do not have accidents we have some
recreational pools on each wall has
the depth of each year pool
consecutive we have from part of
ministry greeting the logo of
healthy pools
we have slides rba slopes
pools behind with a chemical treaty in
which it is my responsibility to anyone
wants to get out of the water
this oppressive heat invites the public to
stay in the pool for hours
you are welcome
at a good level
nice cows charles good attention the
excellent security
It does not leave the pool we organize na
2 pm
what recommendable lady lagoon
for me in the zone independence and
we keep charging 10 soles to 15 soles
nothing more and has all day a
sure fun we climb the slide
when you are thrown several times
it's a game
It was so much my curiosity that I decided
try the slide I'm going to throw myself
this gigantic slide many
reporters say they have not wanted it
Do I do it
last time for me
and so we finish this tour
giving them alternatives so that you
can take your family to enjoy
healthy pools rated by the
health ministry have fun